The whole world has gone a little mad. At least that was my perspective of the current circumstances in hindsight. It has been four weeks my mother and I have been sexually intimate with one another. I am a twenty three year old guy with a raging testosterone and my young mother who is forty is the most beautiful woman I have ever laid eyes upon. 

I watch my mother move around the room as I lay on our bed. I adore the way my mother moves to the dresser, turns to me and smiles. As only hints of daylight sneak upon our bedroom balcony, this same daylight touches the wondrous curves that grace my mother’s ever so sexy pose. She lights a cigarette and trails it out the balcony to puff away while looking out at the cityscape of Singapore.

Before I know it she comes back and sits once again on our bedside with a look of glee. I take her hand and she takes mine as we gently smile into one another’s eyes. All she has on is her bare to nothing transparent white night gown, and myself – still completely nude as a naked new born. I squeeze her hand and she squeezes back. I trail our hands slowly over her lap and then our hands find their way over my chest and down my stomach…

“Good morning mom”

She lowers herself to kiss my forehead.

“Good morning darling”

Her kiss now hovers and I feel her baited breath linger. Our hands now, with her instigation lowers to where they should never go. My hand and her hand are now ever so gently cradling my waking cock. By this time my mother’s mouth is level with my mouth.

Our lips now kiss and open to each other as our hands stroke my cock as my mind goes to outer space with this wonderment of freedom and love we both share out of this world.

“I love you”

I whisper against her mouth as her hand and mine slowly pump up and down my hardening and throbbing meat. My mother’s boobs are now provocatively hanging right where they belong – within her son’s grasp of a feel and sensual squeeze. I move to her other boob and do all the same again and then down her belly to between her welcoming legs where I trace my finger slowly up and down her shaven vagina slit. 

My mothers’ and my tongue ever so wet now and slide into one another as I stare right into my mother’s stunning green eyes. Just the acknowledgement to myself and the knowledge we share of the most sordid act we play upon. I’m feeling my mother’s beautiful cunt as we tongue kiss as only lovers do. She caresses and strokes her own son’s cock as we lovingly stare into each other’s eyes.

My free hand that was on her cunt now wanders back to my mother’s neglected boobs. I feel my mother’s breath quicken and jolt as she feels her own son’s hand caress her once were feeding boobs. Feeling her increasing excitement and her quickening grasp of her own son’s cock, we suck on each other’s tongues as my lover moves now to re-position and straddle her lover’s chest.

My hands cuddle and stroke as much her my mother’s body as I can. One hand even reaches her behind and holds her bottom in one hand and glides a finger or two across my mother’s anus and to her warming cunt once again. I’m not sure which area gave my mother more of a sexual and lustful twitch – her anus or her cunt. 

My lover now moves herself lower to go where mother and son should never ever go. My mother is bending over lowering her boob nipple into my mouth and I gently bite and suck. My mother is feeding me a mother’s milk from out of this world. I caress and stroke a little harder now all over my lover’s anus and vagina. My cock, a little neglected now, I feel a tiniest drip of pre-cum drip onto my stomach.

With this new slipperiness of pre-cum I grab my cock and rub the head of my cock right up between my mother’s bottom cheeks back and forth. My pre cum allows my cock to slide up and down. My mother just holds herself in this spot now for her son to slide up and down her own urging bottom cheeks. 

We slide to and fro until I stop my sliding cock right where mothers and sons should never go. The entrance to my own mother’s womb – my lover’s womb! My lover’s breathing stops as she pushes herself back and onto my twitching mother-hungry cock. She is so damn wet. She is so damn inviting. My clock head enters into her ever so slippery vagina. 

My middle finger now glides over my mother’s anus as my cock enters home. My lover’s womb where I belong. I push and my lover pushes back – my large throbbing cock thrusts into home! I can feel her  shuddering breaths. my mother’s ass I fill, her sopping cunt and so so wet, her most forbidden anal area with my fingers back and forth. 

I am now deep within her needing cunt as we ever more increasingly rub against each other as we are madly and deeply in love. I love my mother so deeply and my mother so deeply loves and needs me back. We express this love with pure honesty as we fuck in complete daylight on this bed we both share like a husband and wife.

My throbbing cock pushes and pushes into my mother’s womb and my mother’s womb engulfs all of me. She starts to whimper and cry as we fuck and deeply passionately kiss. Our mouths are so wet and slippery as we surrender ourselves into each other. 

I cradle her as we both reach climax together. She breaks our kiss and nuzzles into my neck whimpering in tears as she reaches her ultimate climactic ascension that she has never reached before in her entirety. A tear drops onto my mouth and I devour the salty taste of my lover’s lustful tear.

All this crescendo crossroads of love and as I still caress between her bottom cheeks I can feel myself about to explode deep inside my mother’s womb. My lover whispers into my ear…

“Cum inside me my lover, cum deep inside your mother, fill your mother's belly with all your squirts of cum!” 

As she finished saying these high incestuous and forbidden words my cock rocketed then starts off my propagating seed squirt after squirt…

“Empty all your cum inside me my lover”

Squirt… Squirt… I’ve never squirted this much in my entire life. It’s like my cock just keeps orgasming in rhythm with my mother’s shudders of delight. 

“Every last drop my darling – pump every last drop of seed inside me my darling”

We both collapse together breathing heavily. My mother smiles to me and nibbles on my bottom lip and I playfully remain touching her anus. With a huge sigh of love my mother kisses me again and our tongues twirl once again in the most playful fashion…

“Ok darling, I'm famished, how about we go down to the bistro for some breakfast - you’ve really worn out your mom this time”
